dev/v3.0: fix resource configuration (#1432)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/reference/configuration/tidb-cluster.md

## Resource configuration

> Before deploying a TiDB cluster, it is necessary to configure the resources for each component of the cluster depending on your needs. PD, TiKV and TiDB are the core service components of a TiDB cluster. In a production environment, their resource configuration must be specified manually according to component needs. Detailed reference: [Hardware Recommendations](/how-to/deploy/hardware-recommendations.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying a TiDB cluster, it is necessary to configure the resources for each component of the cluster depending on your needs. PD, TiKV and TiDB are the core service components of a TiDB cluster. In a production environment, their resource configurations must be specified according to component needs. Detailed reference: [Hardware Recommendations](/how-to/deploy/hardware-recommendations.md).
```

To ensure the proper scheduling and stable operation of the components of the TiDB cluster in Kubernetes, it is recommended to set Guaranteed-level QoS by letting `limits` equal to `requests` when configuring resources. Detailed reference: [Configure Quality of Service for Pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)。

If you are using a NUMA-based CPU, you need to enable `Static`'s CPU management policy on the node for better performance. In order to allow the TiDB cluster component to monopolize the corresponding CPU resources, the CPU quota must be an integer greater than or equal to `1` besides setting Guaranteed-level QoS as mentioned above.

> 

Reviewer 2: there have a reference link was omitted.
